Add-welcome (#1)
flotiq/.github: profile/README.md

### Welcome to Flotiq Github page :raised_hand_with_fingers_splayed:

> <img src="https://flotiq.com/static/hero_desktop-4894423ad4df154677959c0b251aabad.svg" alt="Flotiq baner" title="Flotiq"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://flotiq.com"><img src="https://flotiq.com/static/hero_desktop-4894423ad4df154677959c0b251aabad.svg" alt="Flotiq banner" title="Flotiq"/></a>
```

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kubernetes,docker,react,nodejs,tailwind" />
</p>

## API first headless CMS 

### Enjoy fast and painless content delivery to any channel with our headless CMS platform.

> **[Try live demo](https://meet.simplyscale.io/15min-flotiq-tour)**

Reviewer: This is not a link to "live demo". This is a link to "book a 15 minute tour of the system".

:rocket: **Flotiq is a headless CMS that lets your teams create and share content across multiple channels with auto-generated, compliant APIs.**

:rocket: Flotiq helps you **share important content within your organization, between teams, or across platforms**, using an OpenAPI-first CMS.

:rocket: Just specify your data model or content types, and the platform will **automatically build a custom API** that allows you to start sharing right away.  

:rocket: **Create API keys that define API access within your organization**, so you can allow or restrict user permissions in just a few clicks.

:computer: Flotiq

* [Docs](https://flotiq.com/docs/) - more technical information about Flotiq functionalities

> * [Starters](https://flotiq.com/starters/) - NextJS and Gatsby professionals starters for your product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Starters](https://flotiq.com/starters/) - custom designed, professional starter projects based on NextJS and Gatsby, to help you start your next website
```
